Problem Statement - In physical stores, when computer vision can’t identify the customer actions in a store with confidence, the video inquiry (i.e., a video snippet where customer is interacting with store products) is referred to another system (referred as H-sys henceforth) that uses human operators to identify the products that the customer has placed in their carts.
H-sys primary job is to meet demand with supply, where demand is incoming inquiries at a given point in time, and supply is the human operators available to answer the incoming inquiries. H-sys must optimize and balance the following:
a. Reduce/optimize the idle time of operators (IT)
b. Reduce/optimize the time to resolve the inquiry (RT)
To achieve the above goals, H-sys does the following:
a. Forecast demand – uses ML based prediction models to precisely identify the number of expected inquiries on a given day and given one hour interval. Forecasting is long term and short term. Long term forecasting is used to make hiring/firing decisions and short-term forecasting is used to create to shift rosters for operators.
b. Supply planning – It understands the various constraints like shift duration, labor laws, operator expertise, holiday calendar, over time costs, IT, RT time targets, etc. and tries to create the most optimal shift plan that meets the demand for the given interval in least cost (PS: nobody knows what’s the least cost, current cost is considered benchmark and efforts are done to reduce it)
c. Real-time optimizer – Aforementioned functions run well in advance, so there is a need for a real-time optimizer which matches the current demand and available supply optimally to meet the desired IT, RT goals. It knows different levers that can be pulled in and cost implication of it like over time requests.
Question – Find the least cost to run H-sys, where operational cost primarily constitutes the salary of operators and their leaders? What is the mathematical expression to calculate such a cost?